Clarify wording for "3rd party matching" use case (#1973)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/user-agent/index.md

[Register for the Chrome origin trial](/origintrials/#/view_trial/-7123568710593282047)
to test the reduced User-Agent with your platform on real user traffic.

> If you provide content that is used by other websites in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you create content that is embedded onto other websites (in other words,
```

> a 3rd party context, then you can participate in a [third-party origin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3rd-party content), then you can participate in a [third-party origin
```
